			       
                             p96_uae_tweak

This features need the p96_uae_tweak program attached in this mail
It must run after P96 monitordrivers in userstartup

If you have copy this prog to c:

run >nil: c:p96_uae_tweak.

I also recommend to set P96 mem from the 4 MB AIAB config to 16 or 32
MB,because it work
faster .If not enough gfx card space is free you see flicker as before and
slower move

Restart whole winuae when you have increase gfx memsize and save the config.
I notice crashes when only reboot.

To test it you can boot AIAB open the screenmode prefs window.
Now put the screenmode prefs window to back and move it around under other
windows.
Now if the window move fast and do not flicker all work ok.
 
With that patch it is also impossible that P96 graphic actions can block
winuae,so you get no AHI 16bit soundstodder when doing large graphic
actions.
 
The patch split for this large P96 blits (>60 pixel)in smaller blocks and
check in all blocks if a 16 bit ahi buffer is free.No speedloss seen,no
stodder notice with 4ms AHI Latency.

Swapbitmaprastport (used for solid windowmoving and some slow layer
actions)is patched
to use a UAE blitter functions that direct exchange the data instead calling
3* eor  
It is faster and avoid the heavy flickering when move a smartlayer window
under another window 

                              restoretime (download from Aminet)

This set every second the clock to windows clock time.
You need this when you hybernate your PC and resume to get exact time.
If you need exact time (for compiler make) i recommend also to use this
because UAE cycletiming make diffrence of 1-2 sec in a hour.
It have no speedloss   

                              ahitweak

This is a program you can start from shell or user-startup
and allow you to tune the ahi driver for better latency,because on winxp the 
playpointer position have a delay depend on system and soundcard

I can reach with 
ahitweak 200 

latency of 4 ms with my sb-PCI512 on winxp (simular sb-live) 
to get hd-rec working with 4ms

You see thats more a function to get the best for realtime Music without special 
ASIO drivers

Most users dont need that

But if you have crackle problems WITH 16 BIT AHI 
play a song and try values of 50 200 500 2000 -50 -200 -500 -2000

Maybe that help 
                        p96refresh  (winuae only)
Start this program to get higher mousepointer redraw rates than 50 hz
with P96.Actions are seen immediatly after call.You can start this in your 
user-startup for automatic on boot 

Example:
 p96refresh 75 
set redraw rate to 75 hz.Best is if you set rate 
         to your monitor refresh rate or monitor refreshrate*2
         Dont set it higher or you get speedloss > 2%  

			rtg.library:   (help also on Standard UAE)
This avoid large slowdown and redraw problems in picasso96 with JIT
copy it in libs:pacasso96

			picasso96fix   (help also on Standard UAE)
This allow larger Screen Width than 1024 
start it BEFORE the loadwb instruction in startup-sequence

			uae_german     (help also on Standard UAE (i hope ?))
This is a German keymap to reach @\~{[]} with ALT-GR like windows
Copy it in devs/keymaps and choose it in the keymap-prefs


                         uae/uae.audio (winuae only)
This is the AHI Driver.This allow support for record and playback upto 96 khz

copy uae       to devs:audiomodes
copy uae.audio to devs:ahi

If you install correct the driver should show Version 4.3 Date 22.5.02 
and offer you only 1 Mode UAE hifi stereo++. 

This driver work fully independent from paula sound.For a speed 
boost on slower systems you can set paula buffer to 5 or 6 choose 11 khz mono
thats enough to hear system sound 


